Fix broken links orders guide (#322)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Getting-Started/orders-overview.md

The action of placing an order involves both the Orders Management module and the [Checkout](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/docs/checkout-overview), and there are different paths to create orders. For more information about order placement, see the links below.

> - [Place order](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/placeorder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Place order](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#put-/api/checkout/pub/orders)
```

### Sending payment notification

> For your payment provider to notify the Order Management System that the payment of a given order is completed, use te endpoint [Send payment notification](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/sendpaymentnotification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your payment provider to notify the Order Management System that the payment of a given order is completed, use te endpoint [Send payment notification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/payments/-paymentId-/payment-notification).
```

In case your store receives the payments outside VTEX’s platform, like payments in cash or with promissories, the store must call this endpoint to notify the OMS, so that the order can follow its flow and be fulfilled.
  
</OverviewCard>

> > The endpoint [Send payment notification](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/sendpaymentnotification) must be called only after the order payment has been approved. The store might not receive the payment if there is an issue with the settlement and the endpoint has already been called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The endpoint [Send payment notification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/payments/-paymentId-/payment-notification) must be called only after the order payment has been approved. The store might not receive the payment if there is an issue with the settlement and the endpoint has already been called.
```

- [Order invoice notification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/invoice)

> - [Update order's partial invoice (send tracking number)](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/updatepartialinvoicesendtrackingnumber)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Update order's partial invoice (send tracking number)](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#patch-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/invoice/-invoiceNumber-)
```
